### Hi there 👋 
My name is Nolan Posey and I recently graduated from Eastern Washington University with my BS of Computer Science. I'm excited to finally get into the field and begin working on larger projects and showing the world what I'm made of!

## My completed projects
Below you will see all the repositories to the major projects i've worked on in my school career:

- One of the first projects I worked on was a Wordle clone in my .NET Web Development class. The project was designed to teach students how to work with tools such as Vue and Vuetify to design the frontend, use C# to program the backend API, and then deploy that project to a website hosted on an Azure server. Through this project I gained experience and confidence in my skills as a programmer. I learned that there are many technologies out there to develop web apps and it just takes a little time and practice to begin being proficient with them. The code for that project can be found in the EWU-CSCD379-2023-Spring repo.

- Another project I worked on was a UML Class Editor for my Software Development class. The program was designed as a desktop application that was meant to mimic UWL editors we have used as students in the past. The program used Java to manage the API and JavaFX to build the UI. This project was a great lesson in humility because ultimately it was a failure. Many thing went wrong in the development process which led to a constant stream of bugs. This led to the team being coinsistantly behind each sprint since we had to work on fixing the functional requirements of the previous sprint at the beginning of each new sprint. This can be attributed to poor planning and overall a lack of communication within the team. By the end of the quarter we were able to get an almost working product, the issue was there was some bugs with the UI causing the Class objects to shift around the screen whenever another class object was moved. In addition to that we were unable to implement "magic lines" that are supposed to show the relationships between classes as well as maintaining what they were pointing at if one of the classes moved. In the end our team learned that if we had taken the time to sit down and carefully plan out how each piece was going to interact we would have saved ourselves time and frustration. The code for this project can be found in the harley-ewu/ReluctantJava repo.

- The last project I would like to mention would be my senior project. This project was really fun to work on and turned out to be a great success. Our client is a board member for a local non-profit and they wanted to develop a mobile app for Android and iOS with the sole purpose of quickly sharing accurate information for the town of Cheney. Our team spent a total of 5 months working on the project, two and a half months designing and planning the project, as well as two and a half months developing it. The project uses Flutter for the frontend UI elements and Firebase for the backend API and database. Since the project is ment to be a mobile app this means there is no need to host it on a server but we did have to get the app published on both the Google Play store and the Apple App store. This project was the largest project any of us on the team had worked by far, so choosing to use Flutter and Firebase to get it set up was probably one of the best decisions the team made during the planning process as it streamlined the majority of the project set up. By the end of the project we were able to successfully meet all of the functional requirements that the client had asked of us as well as being able to implement some extra "quality of life" features. The code for this project can be found in the CSCD488-Winter2024/senior-project-the-a-team repo.

## My preferred projects
My favorite type of projects would have to be web development/mobile app projects because there are many different aspects and technologies I get to explore while work on those projects. Out of the three parts these projects are composed of (Front-end, Back-end, and Server) I would have to say that working on the front-end is my favorite part of these projects. There are many design and style choices that can be made in developing these projects depending on the purpose of the project. I enjoy meticulously designing all the small components and watching them come together into the final product. 
<!--
**Nolan-Posey/Nolan-Posey** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.


